Colabs for binary classification of images as graphene flakes or not graphene flakes. The models and image data set were too large to upload to GitHub
so they can be found at this link. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CJKs_0wGzySyGWV78xK-VB7FZPO_-qDO?usp=sharing Anyone with a Columbia LionMail account 
has access to that Google Drive. Additionally, here is a Medium article writen on the AlexNet archticture and graphene classification. https://medium.com/@56sarager/alexnet-and-the-binary-classification-of-graphene-ad07dc595867 The Graphene_Classification_Models_Plots.ipynb file is not particularly useful. It simply contains the code used to generate
plots for the Applied Mathematics Seminar presentation (Binary Classification of Graphene Flakes.pdf) based on running the Graphne_Classification_Models.ipynb file. To run that file, upload folder.zip found on the Google Drive and press Run All. There are 5 models in total, so the session might run out of memory and you will have to run each model individually after restarting
the session. The final set of cells titled Test Models on Individual Images requires user input of an image path to run each subcell. These cells default to using the saved paths to the models generated by running the cells above, but one can replace the model path with the path to a saved model from the Google Drive after downloading the model and uploading it to Colab. The models with data as presented in the Graphene_Classification_Models_Plots.ipynb file are saved to the Google Drive. The Graphene_Data_Cleaning.ipynb file as well as the original image data in the Google Drive is provided in the name of completion but anyone interested in reproducibility should run the code with the already clean folder.zip because there is a modicum of subjectivity in the cleaning of the data. Finally, to run Graphene_Classification_YOLO.ipynb simply upload folder.zip from the Google Drive and press Run All. Once again, the final cell will not run without inputing an image path and if the user wishes to test a saved model rather than running all the cells and letting the model path default to the output of the previois cell, they will have to edit the model path in the code. 
